welcome to my unboxing of the azio
levitron mech for gaming keyboard this
actually has some pretty unique features
at a pretty unique price point and let's
start with a warm welcome for our guests
camera operator who is also interviewing
for the tech tips assistant job so
hopefully he does pretty well operating
the camera here he's given me a kind of
a weird look from behind the camera so
that's a good sign
okay why don't we start with the main
features which are the cherry black
mechanical switch keys so that is okay
according to a CEO why don't we go with
what they think widely believed to
provide the best gaming experience
fascinating okay
modular design adds functionality by
attaching modular accessories numeric
keypad and macro key pad modules are
included interesting and it has
anti-ghosting so there is actually an
anti ghosting zone I'm gonna go ahead
and flip it over and so you can see your
WASD zat x CQ e key zone is all anti
ghosted so while this keyboard does not
feature any key rollover by any stretch
of the imagination it does have an anti
ghosting zone which is where you're
going to be pressing most of your keys
in gaming so unless you type with your
face you're probably not going to run
into any issues as far as ghosting is
concerned now the features are all
listed here but what I'd really like to
do is get the box opened before we just
start listing features so I can show you
where they are on the keyboard itself
now one thing as you did ask that I
mentioned on this unboxing is the use of
cardboard packaging which is recyclable
versus styrofoam packaging which is not
recyclable so there you go I have
mentioned it so you can clearly see the
cardboard packaging present here the
highly recyclable cardboard practic
acajou okay Quick Start Guide is in
color look at that so they show you how
to install the software manual as well
as installing the software to manage
your profiles as well as your macro
settings in key customization all right
what else we got here okay so they all
look at that it's like it's an actual
color manual and it's a start it's a
QuickStart guide that says more than
plug the thing into the thing and then
turn it on awesome okay so there is your
manual as well as your soft Barlow
you're going to
download the latest software from the
Ezio website here are some modular
pieces including a number pad very nice
it's got a good feel to it already
calculator so there's a button to this
open up the calculator program which is
this is a good place for it I'm liking
that okay there's the USB interface and
there's the USB interface on the other
side so I'll show you why it has to in
just a moment here's a way - oh cool so
you can attach it by an extension cord -
so it basically comes with this is like
the smartest thing ever actually I'm
really impressed right about now so look
at this you can either clip it directly
to the keyboard or you can go ahead and
plug it in by USB somewhere else
these are like 15 bucks 20 bucks if you
want to buy one so it comes with your
keyword cool all right here's a little
macro key piece so this one is going to
clip on to the keyboard and it's gonna
add some additional macro keys so I'll
show you where those go I don't think
those are mechanical but I'll let it go
this time
alright honestly I think it's a little
bit overdone the whole partial
mechanical versus full mechanical and
how it's you know sinful to do it one
way versus the other way think oh that's
just my opinion nobody watches this
channel to hear my opinion so I'll keep
it to myself okay actually I lied people
do watch this channel to hear my opinion
so there you go that's my opinion
this is the levitron neck for the first
thing I noticed about it is it is built
like a mechanical keyboard it's got some
text to it it has some weight let's do
the overall appearance first so we've
got aw look at that two different stems
so you can either put it up a little bit
like that or you can put it up a lot
like that or you can put it up not at
all like like that we've also got rubber
feet on the bottom so there's rubber bit
along the bottom of both of these is
actually like really nice little touches
like this rubber feet here and then
rubber feet here so if you have it
running flat it is completely rubber
grip affine so it's not
move on your table regardless of what
configuration you are using overall
layout let's uh let's have a look at
some of the custom keys we've got so we
can turn the Windows key on and off here
we can switch between macro profile a
and B here and the macro keys are
actually on different heights I want you
to get down at a bat yeah at that level
there so you can see how these are
actually kind of staggered so you can
actually feel if you run your if you
were to run your fingers down them or if
you were to reach for them which key is
which because they are all at slightly
different heights so that's something
that may not seem like a big deal to the
casual observer but personally I think
it's a very big deal because the last
thing you want is macro keys that you
cannot feel in the midst of a firefight
ok cable we've got our standard sort of
sleeve look in the USB cable we've got
to bundle together in one here so I'm
guessing one of these is for the hub yep
and one of them is for the keyboard
itself it doesn't tell you which is
which but my guess is that you'll plug
both of them in anyway so I'm not too
worried about that on the back we do
find the USB hub that I did refer to
before and let's see what else we got
going on here so you know what I'm
moving I'm just gonna pull my cheat
sheet out and kind of run through with
you guys so they've got a volume knob
which is right about here alright our
anti-ghosting allows for six keys to be
simultaneously pressed for USB expansion
we have two USB expansion ports which I
showed you before the Windows key we saw
each key has its own mechanical switch
the advantages registers without pushing
the key all the way down and the keys
snaps back to the original position
faster they are rated for 50 million
keystrokes so I can sit here and I could
do this all day and probably never wear
it out the numeric keypad keypad yes
okay so let's show you guys this so I
showed you this way which is like this
already so then I can put it over here
if I want but there's also another way
to hook this up I can go like this I'm
just gonna make sure that I have it
configuration as the keyboard itself and
okay I don't know how this works I've
never tried this before so bear with me
here you guys I'm just gonna go ahead
I'm gonna try and figure out there we go
so there you go you can clip the keypad
and that's mechanical too you can click
the keypad on to that side or you can
take the whole thing off
comes off somehow okay now it's on there
pretty good does it lock in place oh yes
it does
there we go and it locks up here too
there we go or you can put it on the
other side so depending on the
configuration of your desk you can
actually change the overall width of
your keyboard or which side of your
gaming Keys it is wider on very very
cool all right
modular design ah modular rail ha
enables the macro d-pad to be adjustable
in positioning and allows future modules
to be hooked on the same rail so this
rail up here which looks kind of like
for mounting sights on a gun and this
kind of looks like sights doesn't it
yeah can I ignore the keyboard keys on
them so you just slide these along here
and they click into place wherever you
happen to want to put them so you want
to put them here let's say you never use
the f1 to have four keys while you're
gaming and let's face it who does I mean
I'm sure there's some sort of weird game
out there that requires the use of f4
key you know I don't know maybe f10 but
then you know you couldn't do whatever
functionality you're trying to figure
out how to do in counter-strike when
people tell you how to do it right so
okay so this allows you to actually
reach it if you needed to so maybe you
have like an alternate WASD that you
want to put in for I don't know what I
don't question what they're actually for
the point is just you have six macro
keys here six macro keys here with a and
B so that's a total of twelve functions
and it's all within reach of your actual
gaming keys unlike keyboards that have
banks of macro keys over here or on the
other side whatever the case may be
now you can reach them all very neat all
right 11 dedicated macro keys we just
went through that water-resistant seals
and drainage holes built in this I
didn't know spilling your drink on your
keyboard is no longer an excuse for
losing traders holes they are 1 2 3 4 4
drainage holes uh-uh
and simply keep playing as the liquid
will come out from the bottom view of
the drainage holes now if you spill
something sticky I still wouldn't expect
it to work a hundred percent what you
might have to do at that point is take
like some rubbing alcohol and then pour
that down after it mind you that might
you know wreck any you know rubber or
whatever happens to be in it ok so the
whole thing is not good still try not to
spill on your keyboard please or drink
water around your keyboard at the very
least operated in gold connectors we
talked about that already fully
programmable all keys can be
reprogrammed not just the dedicated
macro keys very cool so the first thing
some people are gonna say is Windows key
we don't need no stinking Windows key
but you could actually just change that
to do whatever you want including the
tab key the caps lock key in fact one of
my big gripes about keyboards tends to
be short backspace keys well I'll
probably just reprogram this to be a
backspace key and then my problem is
solved actually let's look at the
overall layout while we're at it then
we've got nice long Enter shift shift
normal size control and also the one
thing that I don't like about the layout
is the short backspace key but the fully
programmable functionality really does
help to make me forgive it for that ok
and I think that's pretty much all there
is that I have to say about the levitron
neck 4 with the aggressive pricing the
very full feature set the one thing it
doesn't have is backlit keys although
it's arguable whether that is necessary
or not especially with all of these
other things that it does include so
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and don't forget to subscribe to Linus
tech tips from unboxings reviews and
other computer videos